# MIC_Polytope
A team project done in an advanced algorithms and data structures about the [The Maximum-Impact Coloring Polytope](http://sedici.unlp.edu.ar/handle/10915/59241)

## Usage
To create the executable file, run the `make` command from the `/src` folder. Then the `tp2` executable can be found in the `/build` folder.

## Experimentation

### Experimentacion
The `Experimentacion` folder contains legacy code that is kept for log purposes.

### Experimentacion Nueva
This experiment aims to evaluate the greedy heuristics used in the project.

To replicate the experiment follow these instructions:
1. The instances processed by experiment `exp1a.py` have been already generated and can be found on the `orginal` folder.
2. The instances processed by experiment `exp1b.py` are generated by the same script and can be found on the `exp1b` folder.
3. Both experiments run by executig their respective script on the command line.

### Experimentacion MH1
This experiment aims to provide insight on the performance and utility of the first meta-heuristic.

To replicate the experiment follow these instructions:
1. All instances processed by the experiment have been already generated and can be found on the `orginal` folder.
2. Both experiments run by executig their respective script on the command line, the data processed can be found on the `resultados` folder.
3. This data can be analyzed by running the jupyer notebook `Analisis_de_experimentos.ipynb`, which generates the corresponding images and stores them on the `graficos` folder.

### Experimentacion MH2
This experiment aims to provide insight on the performance and utility of the second meta-heuristic.

To replicate the experiment follow these instructions:
1. All instances processed by experiment `GolosasVsMeta2.py` have been already generated and can be found on the `orginal` folder.
2. All instances processed by the rest of the experiments should be generated by running `generar_instancias.py`, these new instances can be found on the `instancias` folder.
3. All experiments can be run by executig their respective script on the command line, the data processed can be found on the `resultados` folder.
4. This data can be analyzed by running the jupyer notebook `analisis.ipynb`, which generates the corresponding images and stores them on the `graficos` folder.

## Standalone Usage
The script should use one of the following arguments to work with the desired algorithm:
- `H1`: Heuristic 1
- `H2`: Heuristic 2

For example, to execute the first heuristic over instance `Example.TXT`, the next command is needed:
```
cat Example.txt | ./tp2 H1 <desired parameters>
```


